On SUNDAY 12th JULY 2009 I was on duty in full uniform posted as the driver of QA18N in the company of PC
292QA HUBERT when we received a call to attend SAHARA LOUNGE, 3-5 STANMORE HILL, STANMORE
to an informant that stated that he had been attacked by some Asian males (CAD 1589/12jul09 refers) The time of
origin of this CAD was 0318 hours. On route we were informed that there was a second allegation that two (2)
males had been “touching woman’s arses” (CAD 1558/12jul09) The caller of this CAD was Jason QUAKE the
owner of SAHARA LOUNGE. The time of origin of this CAD was 0314 hours.

We arrived on scene a short while later after this. On arrival at scene I saw that PS13QA Currie and Inspector
GLEEN was speaking to two (2) IC3 males on STANMORE HILL further up from the SAHARA LOUNGE. One
of these males is a male i now know to be XXXXX and the other
was his cousin (I do not recall his name). Upon getting out of the vehicle I noticed that there was several people
sitting outside the SAHARA LOUNGE in designated seats for the premises. There was very loud music coming
from the venue. Two (2) males that stated that they worked at the premises approached me. They went onto tell
me that the two (2) males that had been stopped by PS13QA Currie and Inspector GLEEN had been in the
premises and were touching female customers bottoms. However the females had left and did not want to make
any allegations. Upon speaking to the worker he was very quick to tell me that he had not been serving anyone
any alcohol. He stated that the drunken people in the premises had come to the premises from other venues after
drinking there. He stated that he was only serving people non-alcoholic drinks. I asked him did he have a license
to do this and he stated that he had a license to do that and play music to 0400 hours. He stated that he just wanted
to other two (2) males banned from the premises. I then went and spoke with to XXXX and his cousin who were
with PS 13QA CURRIE and Inspector GLEEN, they stated that they had been assaulted by Asian males who had
ran up the road towards STANMORE BROADWAY. It was clear that both males had been drinking; they smelt
of intoxicating liquor, XXXXX’s cousin was very unsteady on his feet and he had to lean against the wall to hold
himself up, their eyes were glazed as well as speech slurred. Both the males were drunk. They stated that they
wished to go home and not make any allegations however it was clear that some kind of altercation had taken
place due to the fact that XXXX’S cousin had an injury which appeared to be a small cut to his left eye. I told
both males not to return to the SAHARA LOUNGE and then both males walked towards STANMORE
BROADWAY stating that they were going home. The members of staff at the SAHARA LOUNGE stayed at the
premises after police left and the music continued. (I did not realise at this point that this was against their
license.)
I have driven past the location after this point on other night duties at a similar time of the morning and there has
always been loud music coming from the premises and on some occasions there has seemed to be people sitting in
the allocated seats outside the SAHARA LOUGE for the premises smoking shisha. All of the other premises on
STANMORE HILL are closed at these times in the morning and the road would be quiet if it was not for the loud
music coming from the SAHARA LOUNGE and the people sitting outside. I was disappointed by being called
out to this incident at this time of the morning as the premises should not be playing outdoor music after 00:00
and similarly the premises should not have even been open to the public. It was a very busy SATURDAY night
duty and we had very few units on so my time could have been spent dealing with other incidents where the
public needed my help.
