I am Bob Wright and I am employed as a loss prevention officer at ABC stores,
Church Street, Liverpool, L1 1AB.
At 0930 hours on Wednesday 4th July 2012 I was working in the store in plain clothes / security
uniform. I was on the shop floor near to the stationary display at the rear of the store.
At this time my attention was drawn to a male who I now know to be Alan SMITH, date of birth
1/1/60 of 1 Liverpool Road, L3. SMITH was wearing a black hooded top and black tracksuit
bottoms with a white stripe down the leg. I have previously had dealings with SMITH in April this
year when I detained him after another incident in our store.
Today when I saw SMITH, he was looking around nervously, I was approximately 10 metres
away from him at this time, stood at the top of the aisle. I continued to observe SMITH from this
distance and watched him approach the stationary display, he selected a number of parker
pens from the display and placed them into the right hand pocket of his tracksuit bottoms. At
this time the store was well lit and there was no obstructions to my view.
He then walked towards the front of the store and past the staffed till point and made no attempt
to pay for the items that were still in his pocket.
I informed colleagues over the shop link radio and followed SMITH out of the store. I was joined
at this time by the store manager Paul JONES. I did not loose sight of SMITH at any point and I
detained him approximately 20 metres outside the door to the shop. I informed him that I was a
loss prevention officer for ABC Stores and that I had witnessed him taking items from the store
without paying for them. I asked him to accompany me back to the store so that the matter
could be dealt with. SMITH was compliant and agreed to return to the store.
Once in the Office area SMITH removed from the right hand tracksuit bottom pocket 9 parker
pens valued at £9.99 each (total value £89.91). These have since been retained by the store
and are still in a re-saleable condition.
The Manager Paul JONES had contacted the Police and they arrived a short time later. In the
presence of SMITH I informed the Officers what had occurred and SMITH was arrested a short
time later.
The incident was captured on the stores CCTV system and I have handed a copy of this to
Constable Bloggs as exhibit reference BW1.
Nobody has the right to take goods from our store without making payment first.
